"THE BLACK HOLE" appears in bold white text on a black screen. A circle opens up to reveal an office setting. The camera pans right to reveal a man wearing a white shirt and gray tie. The man sighs. The man hits a button on the copy machine, which quickly beeps 3 times. The man notices something is wrong, frowning. He looks down at the copier. The man hits the button on the copier 3 times in a row and the copier beeps repeatedly. View of man's feet, he kicks the copier. 
The copy machine prints out a solid black circle on a large white sheet of paper. The man picks up the paper and holds it in front of him, frowning. The man sets the paper off to his right. The man opens up the copy machine to see its bright green light moving back and forth. The man closes the printer before checking his watch. 
The man reaches for a drink from a styrofoam cup.  For an instant, the camera is in perspective of the black hole looking at the man with a rumbling noise in the background. The man puts his cup on the black hole. The cup disappears, surprising him. 
The man, bewildered that the cup is gone, frowns at the black hole. From the perspective of inside the black hole, we see the man get closer to the black hole. Rumbling sound in the background. The man crouches, getting closer to the black hole until it's at eye level. The man cautiously reaches his hand towards the black hole but quickly withdraws it. He looks around to see if others are watching. The man reaches his hand into the black hole apprehensively and takes out his coffee cup. The man holds up the coffee cup, surprised. He sets it down to his side to examine the black hole. 
The man picks up the piece of paper, holding it at eye level. He reaches his hand into it before pulling it back out. The man chuckles nervously. He looks around and his gaze focuses on something in the distance. 
The man walks up to a vending machine, placing the black hole up on the glass. The man looks around nervously before reaching his hand into the hole. With his hand inside the black hole, we hear the crinkling sound of a candy wrapper. The man slowly pulls out a candy bar. The man looks at the candy bar and the black hole in mild awe. The man walks away, eating his candy bar while smiling slightly at the black hole. The man looks around the office. Something catches his eye, and he stops smiling . 
We see an office door that says "keep out". The camera slowly zooms in on the door. The man walks towards the door. The man places the black hole up against the door and reaches in. We hear a clicking sound as he unlocks it from the inside. The man opens the door and turns on a flickering light. 
The man walks in, seeing a large safe. The man crouches to place the black hole against the door of the safe. He tapes it down and looks around nervously. The man reaches into the hole to pull out a bundle of cash. The man turns the cash in his hands, chuckling nervously before setting it down behind him. The man reaches into the hole repeatedly, pulling out more and more cash. The man reaches into the hole again but he struggles to reach anything. He frowns. 
The man sticks his arms and head into the hole, climbing in with his whole body. The tape that was holding up the paper releases and the paper with the black hole drops to the floor. 
The camera pans out as we hear a faint knocking sound on the safe. The camera jumps back again as the knocking continues and the sounds of the office grow louder. Camera cuts to a black screen and sound stops. 