View outside a building, with a woman standing at a window. Camera slowly zooms in. woman sitting in room with a pizza box. She opens it and takes a slice out. 
Someone knocks on the door. The woman turns around. The woman opens the door and looks around. 
The woman looks down to see a package on the floor. The woman brings the package inside and sits down to start opening it up. The woman takes out a record in a sleeve that says "A SINGLE LIFE" 
the woman takes out the record, which also says "A SINGLE LIFE". "A film by JOB, JORIS AND MARKIEKE" appears in white text in the bottom right corner. 
The woman stands up and turns around to her record player, which sits on a desk beside her. Close up of the woman placing the record player needle on the record. Cheerful music starts playing. The woman sits back down and sways a bit to the music. She picks up a slice of pizza and brings it to her mouth when... 
Suddenly, the record skips ahead and the screen flashes white momentarily. Part of the pizza has disappeared. The woman is surprised. She frowns down at the record player before getting ready to eat her pizza again. 
When the woman looks down at her pizza, she notices that a part of it is missing. She holds it in her hand, examining it, before looking at the record player inquisitively. Camera slowly zooms into the record player, which continues to spin. The woman looks away and thinks for a moment, before realizing something. 
The woman reaches out with her hand and stops the record player, stopping the music. The woman spins the record backwards. The pizza in her hand magically grows back, as if time were reversed. The woman is surprised. She spins the record back and forth to see that part of the pizza disappears and reappears with the record spinning. The woman smiles at the record player and starts spinning it back rapidly. View of the pizza box on a couch and a candle on the table. As the record spins backwards, the number of pizzas in the box reduces and the candle shrinks. As the record spins forward, the number of pizzas increases and the candle grows. View of the woman, who looks at the pizza box momentarily. 
The woman realizes something else and smiles widely. The woman gets up to grab the record player's needle. She lifts it up before... The screen flashes white for an instant and the scene changes. The walls turn white, the furniture and decor change, the woman's clothes change, even the woman's hairstyle changes. She looks around, smiling for a bit. The woman looks down at her stomach, noticing that she is pregnant. The woman rubs her stomach and thinks before getting another idea. She walks up to the record player again. 
The woman moves the record back and forth twice, watching her stomach grow and retract. The woman gets another idea and starts spinning the record forward rapidly until... A white flash and a popping sound, and the woman is holding a baby. The baby starts crying, which appears to annoy the woman. She grabs the needle again, lifts it up and places it down on another location when... 
Another white flash and the room changes to a child's room. The woman is now a little girl holding a doll. She looks, surprised, at the doll momentarily. She looks down at herself, surprised, before dropping the doll and walking over to the turntable. Close up of the turntable. The girl reaches over, searching for the needle before accidentally knocking it up into the air. 
Another white flash and the scene changes again. The girl is now older and has gray hair. She sits in a wheelchair with a broken leg. The woman notices her broken leg. She looks surprised, then disappointed. The woman starts rolling over to the record player when.... The record skips, and the woman is back to her original position. She rolls forward again, more determined and annoyed before.... The record skips again, and the woman is back where she started. She starts to roll forward again, more rapidly. The record skips again, and the woman is back where she started. . Close up of the woman's face; she looks determined. She holds her hands at the wheels of her wheelchair, ready to roll again. The record skips again and the woman tries to roll forward but the wheelchair falls back and she lands on the floor. The impact shakes the record player, and the needle jumps up before landing again. 
When the needle lands again, the scene changes once again. The woman is now old and in what looks like a nursing home. She lies on the floor momentarily before getting up. Standing up with the aid of a walker, the woman smiles and admires her surroundings for a bit. The music on the record is intensifying, leading up to an end. The woman then realizes that the song is close to ending. She shakes her arms in distress and starts hurrying towards the record player with her walker. The needle reaches the end of the record and the song ends. 
Another white flash. A blue urn lands on the floor, and the walker falls in the background. The urn's lid rattles for a moment. Close up of the record player. The record stops spinning and the needle moves to the side. 