Close up of a dirty black running shoe lying on a sidewalk. How They Get There appears in bold black text in the upper left corner of the screen before fading out. Shoe turns upright. Person wearing the shoe is tapping their foot. Camera cuts to side view of the shoe. A candy wrapper falls to the ground next to the shoe. 
Camera cuts to a close up of a milk carton being opened. Camera cuts to a close up of a man's face looking down. He smiles slightly and licks his lips. Camera cuts to close up of the milk carton, with the man squinting and looking into it. The man takes a drink from the milk carton and looks around before taking another sip. 
The man sees a woman across the street who's walking. The woman is wearing a red shirt and black skirt. 
We see the man leaning up against a maroon car. Another man in the background wearing a white tank top walks up to him and gestures confrontationally. The man with the milk retreats from the car. 
The man with the milk walks away from the car, looking back across the street at the girl. He trips on the curb but recovers. 
The camera cuts to the girl across the street. She was looking at the man, but turns her head to face forward. While walking, she trips, perhaps miming the man. The man, who is looking at the girl, furrows his brow while continuing to walk. 
The man places his milk carton down on an adjacent fence before looking back at the girl. 
The girl mimes the man by raising her right hand as if she's placing a milk carton down. Two other men pass her on the sidewalk and they look back at her. The man, looking at the girl, dips his back and sways his arms side to side rhythmically. The girl, looking back at the man, sways her arms back and forth in the same manner. Camera cuts back to the man, who is now smiling, continues to sway his arms in an exaggerated manner. The girl also sways her arms, smiling. She then ducks behind an electrical box and emerges, crouching, with her right hand placed on her head and waving. The man copies the girl, also placing his hand on top of his head and crouching over. The girl switches to miming an old man, with one hand placed on her back. The man does the same, copying the girl. 
Camera cuts back the girl, who suddenly stands upright in surprise. She looks back and places her hands over her mouth in alarm. The man copies the girl. A car approaches in the background. The girl waves her hand in panic and a horn goes off in the background. 
The man, still copying the girl walks into the path of an oncoming car, oblivious. The car crashes into the man, breaking its windshield. The man flips over the hood of the car. 
With the girl recoiling in shock, the car ramps up another car, jumping into the air before crashing back down. 
The girl sees a shoe flying through the air. The shoe lands next to a curb and the camera starts panning to the right. Another black sneaker next to the curb comes into focus. 